Given array nums of integers and integer k, return the maximum sum such that there exists i < j with nums[i] + nums[j] = sum 
and sum < k. If no i, j exists satisfying this equation, return -1.

Input: nums = [34,23,1,24,75,33,54,8], k = 60

Output: 58

Explanation: We can use 34 and 24 to sum 58 which is less than 60.

Input: nums = [10,20,30], k = 15

Output: -1

Explanation: In this case, it is not possible to get a pair sum of less than 15.

__________________________________________________________________________________________________

Things that we need to take care of:
* We need to find the summation of i+j and return that as output.
* But make sure i+j is < k
* If no such i+j exists return -1 as output
* They have also given i should be less than j (i < j), so this gives a hint about whether the list has to be sorted.

Approach 1: Brute Force using two for loops with TC O(n^2) and SC O(n)
* Sort the array in place
* Initialize the max_value as -1
* Iterate through nums using two for loops for i and j respectively.
* calculate the curr_value.
* Check if curr_value is less than k, if yes update the max_value
* Or else return that as output
* If none of this condition works out, it means i and j dont exist so return -1 (max_value) as output.

```python
#Brute Force - O(n^2) and O(1)
class Solution:
    def twoSumLessThanK(self, nums: List[int], k: int) -> int:
        nums.sort()
        max_value = -1
        for i in range(len(nums)):
            for j in range(i+1,len(nums)):
                curr_value = nums[i] + nums[j]
                if curr_value < k:
                    max_value = max(max_value, curr_value)
        return max_value
```

Approach 2: Using sorting and two pointer approach
TC will be O(n log n) since we are sorting the array and SC will be O(n)

 #Two pointer with sorting - O(n log n) and O(n)
        nums.sort()
        result = -1
        n = len(nums)
        i = 0
        j = n-1
        
        while i < j:
            summation = nums[i]+nums[j]
            if summation < k:
                result = max(result,summation)
                i += 1
            else:
                j -= 1
        return result 
    
        
 Approach 3: Using Sorting and Binary Search 
 TC will be O(n log n) to sort the array and do the binary search for each element.
 SC will be O(n)
 
 ____________________________________________________________
