You are given a string s consisting of lowercase English letters. A duplicate removal consists of choosing two adjacent and equal letters and removing them.

We repeatedly make duplicate removals on s until we no longer can. Return the final string after all such duplicate removals have been made. 
It can be proven that the answer is unique.

Example 1: Input: s = "abbaca" and Output: "ca

Explanation: 

In "abbaca" we could remove "bb" since the letters are adjacent and equal, and this is the only possible move. The result of this move is that 
The string is "aaca", of which only "aa" is possible, so the final string is "ca".

Example 2: Input: s = "azxxzy" and Output: "ay"
___________________________________________________________________________________________

#### Brute Force Method:

1. s = list(s): The input string s is converted into a list of characters. This conversion allows easy manipulation of the string as a list.
2. i = 0: This initializes an index i to keep track of the current character being inspected in the loop.
3. Iterate through for loop and check if s[i] == s[i + 1]:: This condition checks if the current character at index i is equal to the next character at index i + 1.
5. del s[i]: If the condition is met (adjacent duplicates are found), this line deletes the character at index i from the list s.
6. This deletion effectively removes the duplicate character.
7. Else: i += 1: In both the if and else blocks, the index i is incremented by 1 to move to the next character.
8. Join the string and return as output
__________________________________________________________________________________________

#### Optimized Solution using Stack:

1. Initialize an empty stack
2. Using for loop iterate through s and for each element check if stack exists and if the top element [-1] == i.
3. In that case, pop out the element.
4. Else, append the elements to the stack.

TC is O(n) where N is a string length.

SC is O(n-d) where D is the total length for all duplicates.

```python
class Solution:
    def removeDuplicates(self, s: str) -> str:
        #Using Stack - TC is O(n) and SC is O(n-d)
        stack = []
        for i in s:
            if stack and stack[-1] == i:
                stack.pop()
            else:
                stack.append(i)
        return "".join(stack)
```

